feat: ldap juju interface (#124)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: interfaces/ldap/v0/README.md

```

## Behavior

Both the `provider` and the `requirer` need to adhere to a certain set of
criteria to be considered compatible with the `ldap` interface.

Sensitive information is transmitted through Juju Secrets rather than directly
through the relation databag(s).

### Provider

- Is expected to provide the `requirer` with necessary configuration for
  performing LDAP authentications and operations.
- Is expected to create a bind DN in the DIT (Data Information Tree) for
  the `requirer` to use for the `bind` operation.
- Is expected to update the application databag if any field's data is changed
  in the `provider` charmed application.

### Requirer

- Is expected to provide the client information for the `provider` to generate
  the bind DN. If it is not provided, the `provider` leverages `requirer`
  charmed operator's information by default.
- Is expected to consume the LDAP configuration data provided by the `provider`
  to configure the charmed application.
- Is expected to update the charmed application configuration when
  the `provider` updates the application databag.

> **Note**: try to avoid
> the [special characters](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2253#section-2.4)
> for the `user` and `group` in the `requirer`'s databag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> #### ⚠️ Use of special characters
> Try to avoid the special characters listed [here](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2253#section-2.4)
> for the `user` and `group` in the `requirer`'s databag.
```
